I really love this parts because of the
color I love red purses and this
definitely caught my eye if you add the
goal did accent to it with the zippers
and the buckles and everything it looks
all sorts of goodness was looking for a
sophisticated sturdy purse and I found
this this is a Michael Kors medium
central I think kind of burst normally
I'm not a name brand kind of girl I was
just looking for something that was
sturdy that would last me and that's
what I found here Oh so when I got this
course purse than I kind of became a
whore's fan michael kors man we'll start
out with this breast slide when I saw it
I fell in love with it you'll see right
here those rhinestones and then those
silver accents so nice now this is
originally a wristlet one night I was on
the town and it suddenly broke now in
here i have a compact here
i also have a business card cash dietary
pills I'm very sensitive I need to take
bills every time I eat basically subway
gift card mm-hmm mints I like these
little small containers because they're
compact blotting papers you need this
and forget like if your oily girl
purchase some of these you're doing
yourself a favor I like these I mean
actually I like any of them really they
all are the same but I like this one
because these are tend to be sturdy and
they can hold your papers in place then
I have these I have chingos to these
these card places walgreens autozone I
got it all and then i have this
Maybelline lipstick these new mat
Maybelline lipsticks are amazing if you
haven't tried them girl you're missing
out I want a lot of them i bought like
five of them this is number 680
mesmerizing magenta these are creamy
there Matt but they're not very very
drying they're reasonably priced I
believe there were five dollars in some
changes target try these out if you love
lipstick you will not regret it I also
tend to need a notepad if I'm writing
notes or anything so I really like the
slender one there's different types of
notebooks but look once you get older
you just know what works and what you
like and I like these when I also get
stand-up comedy I I need these because
they're so easy to use tissue Kleenex
you know the old school ones I don't
like those because they're ugly and the
tissues tend to pop out these they don't
they're in their place where they belong
in there cute thank you a flowery so i
really like these normally i don't have
this in here
but it is my lipstick bag I have lots of
lipsticks we will be here all day i'm
not going to go into it but this is a
bag that i got from sephora and night
I've used it for quite a bit so this is
very handy told you I was kind of into
michael kors this is an amazing wallet I
actually have brand-new wallets that I
haven't used because I can't part with
this I don't know what it is I really
like this I love these things that where
you can just grab them on the go these
wristlet type of things and again very
sophisticated gold accent teen I love
that and a lot of space for you to hold
stuff there's four compartments over
here both apartments over here place for
you to hold cash and my favorite thing
on this wallet does this guess starbucks
gift card too cute I'm in graduate
school so that I have lots of these pens
pencils highlighters they are my life
receipts oh there's a movie ticket I
want to go see Cesar Chavez I need these
they are so cute especially when they
get these for her thingies they're just
adorable has a little rhinestone collar
this is a kitty holder these are breath
and body work hand sanitizers I have
those those are amazing highlighters
tire pressure thingy but I should use
more often napkins I had LASIK and so
now every day I have to put in liquid
gel drops in my eyes if I don't my eyes
are like super dry so that's kind of a
lot of the effects of having laser
this is an urban decay lip gloss my
iphone have the iphone 5s I think I
don't I don't I got this from ebay and
then wristlet and like things that have
reflux business card holder this is the
cutest there's a street in Houston I
believe it's called harwin the best i
have my stops where I go and that's
where I got this Mormont's I like the
smaller ones but I don't know why I
happen to lip liners I look very similar
they're both Mac this is fashion boost
and this is magenta hair thingies oh my
gosh movie these when I gets hot in
Texas mm-hmm I have to mull of bobby
pins I need these they're like I like
the hair tight thingies I need them
plenty of more lipsticks I have three
mac lipsticks Bravo all fired up flat
about flat out fabulous love all those
especially flat out fabulous assist from
the new l'oreal proved a line this is
Julianne nude oh hush when you're in
school you need these these are the
Savior USB flash drives pencil oh my
gosh isn't this cute
oh is that it oh no more lipstick I am
look like the lipstick collector pink
pearl pop by Mac and of course you can
do it without the hair thingy your tie
and bobby pins